So simple as long as oh
So you're here to transform
What 100,000 two silver
I've never seen a single pleat before. Huh?
If that's the case, then I won't talk nonsense with you.
I now suspect you have something to do with the Treasury deficit case
Please come back to Dali Temple with me to cooperate with the investigation.
What to cooperate with the investigation?
You still want to arrest me without evidence
Evidence arrests you also need evidence
What are you doing
Niu hits the prince
What a crime have you committed?
I didn't hit you!
Don't be bloody, I'm bloody, okay?
We made trouble with the emperor
See the emperor believe in you and believe in me
You are shameless I am shameless
No matter how shameless I am, I will not steal 100,000 two silver
But I don't have it either.
Then tell me to try
Otherwise, let's make this a big deal
Anyway, my father is the emperor, and I'm still afraid of you
And I said, "Okay.